[CELEBORN-1231]  Support baseline implementation of Celeborn Web (#2234)
apache/incubator-celeborn: web/README.md

# Celeborn Web UI

> This is the web ui page for Apache Celeborn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celeborn Web is a dashboard to display and manage the Master and Worker of Celeborn. This document introduces how to install and build the UI of Celeborn Web.
```
